窶ｪ-[glass shatters]
窶ｪ-[Joyce] You were lying.
窶ｪ-You were just pretending. Huh?
窶ｪ-[Jonasi] First you insult me.
窶ｪ-now you want to hurt me?
窶ｪ-[screams]
窶ｪJoyce! You're gonna hurt me!
窶ｪPlease tell me. how many days was it?
窶ｪWas it two days. three days?
窶ｪOr you couldn't even wait
窶ｪto slither under her skirt
窶ｪ-after we renewed our vows?
窶ｪ-[objects clatter]
窶ｪAnd what about firing her?
窶ｪYou were pretending.
窶ｪjust like you always pretended
窶ｪwith all the promises you've made to me.
窶ｪJo. I need you to tell me
窶ｪbecause I need to have some order
窶ｪ-in my head. [inhales sharply]
窶ｪ-[whispers] Joyce.
窶ｪBecause if I don't get it. I swear!
窶ｪ-[pants]
窶ｪ-[whispers] Okay.
窶ｪIt窶ｦ It was that day.
窶ｪwhen I lost it with Menzi.
窶ｪ-You hear me? Stand up!
窶ｪ-Jo. let go of him!
窶ｪ[stammers] I left the house
窶ｪand窶ｦ and went to the office.
窶ｪI-I was just going to get some fresh air.
窶ｪYour affair with the minister ends today.
窶ｪ-Understood?
窶ｪ-Don't insult me.
窶ｪWho do you think you're slapping?
窶ｪ-You are mine. Do you hear me?
窶ｪ-[breathing heavily]
窶ｪ[stammering] I didn't know she'd be there.
窶ｪShe just walked into my office.
窶ｪ-I was vulnerable.
窶ｪ-[both breathing heavily]
窶ｪShe took advantage of that.
窶ｪ[both breathing heavily]
窶ｪ[Jonasi moans]
窶ｪ-[grunting]
窶ｪ-[Matipa inhales sharply]
窶ｪAnd窶ｦ
窶ｪafter that night. uh. mmm.
窶ｪI stopped talking to her.
窶ｪI blocked her number
窶ｪand-and told her that I chose you.
窶ｪ-[Joyce] Uh窶ｦ
窶ｪ-Baby.
窶ｪHow do you choose me窶ｦ
窶ｪthen go and impregnate another woman?
窶ｪ-I begged her. I begged her窶ｦ
窶ｪ-Uh-uh.
窶ｪ-[stammers] 窶ｦto terminate it.
窶ｪI begged her.
窶ｪI feel like dancing.
窶ｪ-[whispers] I wanted to tell you.
窶ｪ-[grunts]
窶ｪ[sobbing] When did you want to tell me?
窶ｪWhile you were away?
窶ｪ-Or after your business trip?
窶ｪ-No.
窶ｪWhere were you going again?
窶ｪNew York?
窶ｪ-Or Washington?
窶ｪ-I'm an idiot. Joyce.
窶ｪI'm an idiot. I'm an idiot.
窶ｪI grew up with nothing.
窶ｪI had no mother.
窶ｪand my father was always drunk.
窶ｪLike Magesh.
窶ｪall he ever wanted from me was my money.
窶ｪHe didn't care about me.
窶ｪHe was pretending.
窶ｪYou also wanted to use me.
窶ｪNo. my love.
窶ｪNo.
窶ｪI made a mistake. [inhales sharply]
窶ｪ-I'm sorry. Please forgive me. my love.
窶ｪ-[Joyce] Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
窶ｪ-Please forgive me. Joyce.
窶ｪ-No. [cries]
窶ｪ-I'm sorry. my love. I'm sorry.
窶ｪ-[sniffles. cries]
窶ｪ[friend] Welcome. Mommy.
窶ｪIt would've been better
窶ｪif the father of these kids
窶ｪwas actually here.
窶ｪGeez. friend. What do you mean?
窶ｪDidn't窶ｦ Wait a minute.
窶ｪDidn't you and Jonasi agree
窶ｪthat since you have kids together.
窶ｪyou're going to be a happy family?
窶ｪUh. but. friend. I mean.
窶ｪyou can't take care of these kids alone.
窶ｪOh. Zodwa. Give me a break.
窶ｪI'm still in pain from giving birth.
窶ｪI've got cramps all over my body.
窶ｪAnd this talk is going to make
窶ｪmy stitches burst.
窶ｪ[sighs] Sorry.
窶ｪIt's just窶ｦ I thought that
窶ｪsince you've given him twins.
窶ｪhe'll be your man alone.
窶ｪHe is my man.
窶ｪThe reason he's not here is because that
窶ｪwitch decided to faint at the hospital.
窶ｪDon't hurt yourself.
窶ｪUh. I have to go.
窶ｪYou have to go? Why?
窶ｪ[stammers] Didn't you take the day off?
窶ｪWe're not all lucky
窶ｪto give birth for Mr. Gomora.
窶ｪSome of us have to work.
窶ｪ[sighs] No. it's fine. It's fine.
窶ｪYou can go. I'll be all right.
窶ｪ-Are you sure?
窶ｪ-Yeah.
窶ｪ-[sighs]
窶ｪ-[door opens]
窶ｪ[slams]
窶ｪ-[babies crying]
窶ｪ-Wow! Wow.
窶ｪSorry. sorry. sorry. sorry. baby.
窶ｪOh. it's okay.
窶ｪ-[crying continues]
窶ｪ-Okay. [shushes]
窶ｪ[upbeat music playing]
窶ｪ[music stops]
窶ｪ[tires screeching]
窶ｪ[sighs]
窶ｪWhy are you just sitting there. Menzi?
窶ｪThis is the part
窶ｪwhere you get out of my car. bro.
窶ｪI don't know if you heard the commotion
窶ｪbetween Mom and Dad last night.
窶ｪThey were arguing non-stop.
窶ｪ[sighs] Tonight.
窶ｪwe have an interview with Mapaseka.
窶ｪand apparently. we're supposed
窶ｪto play this big happy family.
窶ｪAh. you know how your mom is.
窶ｪShe doesn't mind smiling
窶ｪand pretending like everything is fine.
窶ｪYeah.
窶ｪShe's obsessed with this Ivory Oasis.
窶ｪIt's the only reason
窶ｪshe's still with Jonasi.
窶ｪMenzi. if Mom actually lost
窶ｪthis deal of hers. being an influencer.
窶ｪdo you think she'll still be with Dad?
窶ｪWhy?
窶ｪWhat makes you think
窶ｪthat Mom could lose her job?
窶ｪI don't know if I'm messing it up.
窶ｪbut if I tell Mapaseka the truth
窶ｪtonight in the interview. that窶ｦ
窶ｪ-[sighs]
窶ｪ-窶ｦtheir marriage is falling apart.
窶ｪ-Mm-mmm.
窶ｪ-It's toxic.
窶ｪAnd that Jonasi never misses out
窶ｪon a chance to let us down.
窶ｪNo. don't you dare do
窶ｪwhat you are thinking right now.
窶ｪDon't do it. Mom will never forgive you.
窶ｪWhat do you know. Menzi?
窶ｪ-And besides. I'm be setting her free.
窶ｪ-[engine starts]
窶ｪI have to try and do something.
窶ｪ[Joyce] Jo. Wait.
窶ｪ-Jonasi. just hold on.
窶ｪ-What?
窶ｪ-What's wrong with you?
窶ｪ-What? I want to窶ｦ
窶ｪWhere are you going?
窶ｪYou will not go to see her
窶ｪand just leave me here. Do you hear me?
窶ｪ-Joyce. I'm going to see my children.
窶ｪ-That's if they're yours.
窶ｪ-Are you sure these are really your kids?
窶ｪ-Stop it.
窶ｪNo. no! If they're really your kids.
窶ｪthen take them and bring them here
窶ｪso they can live with us.
窶ｪ-Live with us?
窶ｪ-Yes!
窶ｪMatipa won't allow that.
窶ｪ-Don't you dare do that.
窶ｪ-Do what?
窶ｪDon't ever mention
窶ｪthat witch's name to me.
窶ｪI don't have time for this. Joyce.
窶ｪ-Jonasi. no. No!
窶ｪ-Don't do this.
窶ｪDo what? What am I doing wrong?
窶ｪ-By protecting my family and my marriage?
窶ｪ-Oh?
窶ｪWhen you were in the hospital
窶ｪgetting your tubes tied.
窶ｪ-were you protecting your marriage?
窶ｪ-Don't make this about me.
窶ｪNo. please. Answer me.
窶ｪDon't turn this around
窶ｪand make it about me.
窶ｪNo.
窶ｪ-No. No. Jo. no! Jonasi.
窶ｪ-Stop. stop. Joyce!
窶ｪ-Jo!
窶ｪ-[straining] Joyce.
窶ｪ-Jonasi!
窶ｪ-What are you doing?
窶ｪ-Joyce!
窶ｪ-Uh-uh.
窶ｪ-Stop it. Joyce. Let go of me.
窶ｪ-You're not going. No!
窶ｪ-Joyce. just let go of me.
窶ｪ-No. no. no. Don't do this.
窶ｪ-What are you doing?
窶ｪ-No! Don't leave me. Don't leave.
窶ｪ[Joyce sobbing] Please. Please.
窶ｪPlease.
窶ｪOkay. okay.
窶ｪFine. Then let's get inside the house
窶ｪand talk about this.
窶ｪ-Okay. baby.
窶ｪ-[crying]
窶ｪ-Please.
窶ｪ-Get up. Get up. my love.
窶ｪ-I won't leave.
窶ｪ-Okay.
窶ｪLet's talk things through because窶ｦ
窶ｪCome on. Come. stand up. Get up.
窶ｪPeople are staring at us.
窶ｪWe're in the suburbs.
窶ｪWe can't do this. No. baby.
窶ｪThat's not how it's done.
窶ｪ-You can't do that.
窶ｪ-I don't care.
窶ｪLet's go inside.
窶ｪ-[yelps] Jonasi! Jo!
窶ｪ-[Jonasi panting]
窶ｪJo! Jo.
窶ｪ-Stop it. Uh-uh.
窶ｪ-No. Joyce. Let me go.
窶ｪ-No. no. no. Uh-uh. Jo.
窶ｪ-Joyce. Joyce. let go.
窶ｪ-Don't leave!
窶ｪ-[engine starts]
窶ｪ-Jo! Jo! Jo!
窶ｪ-[engine revs]
窶ｪJo!
窶ｪ-[panting]
窶ｪ-[tires squealing]
窶ｪ[whimpering]
窶ｪ[shushes]
窶ｪ-[fusses]
窶ｪ-Aw.
窶ｪ[knocks on door]
窶ｪ-Come in.
窶ｪ-[door opens]
窶ｪ-[shushing]
窶ｪ-[cooing]
窶ｪ-[door closes]
窶ｪ-[fusses]
窶ｪ-Thank you. Mom.
窶ｪFor coming.
窶ｪWhy does it seem like you're alone here?
窶ｪAs a new mother to twins?
窶ｪ-Where's their father?
窶ｪ-He's not here.
窶ｪ[scoffs] Let me guess.
窶ｪ-He's with his family? His real family?
窶ｪ-Mmm. mmm. mmm.
窶ｪMom窶ｦ Mom. please. Not now. Please.
窶ｪYour problem is that you don't listen.
窶ｪ-You're very stubborn. Huh?
窶ｪ-[baby hiccups]
窶ｪAw. my baby. Sounds like you have hiccups.
窶ｪGive me my grandchild.
窶ｪBring her to me. Give me my grandchild.
窶ｪ-Bring her. Come to Granny.
窶ｪ-[baby 2 cries]
窶ｪ-Hello. baby. Hello. baby.
窶ｪ-Oh. Mommy 's coming. Mommy's coming.
窶ｪ[grandmother] Hello. you little one.
窶ｪHello. granny's child.
窶ｪ[Matipa] Mommy's coming. Oh. I'm sorry.
窶ｪ[grandmother] Here we go.
窶ｪWe're going to stop these hiccups.
窶ｪThere we go. Uh-huh.
窶ｪ-Goodness.
窶ｪ-[babies cooing]
窶ｪHello. little one.
窶ｪThey'll be gone.
窶ｪThe hiccups will be gone. baby.
窶ｪ-Hello. baby.
窶ｪ-[Matipa] Mmm.
窶ｪHello. baby.
窶ｪ-[typing]
窶ｪ-[phone chimes]
窶ｪ-[knocks on door]
窶ｪ-Jonasi Gomora.
窶ｪ-Gosh!
窶ｪ-[chuckles] The top dog himself.
窶ｪ-[sighs]
窶ｪOh. man. You're back so soon
窶ｪfrom Washington.
窶ｪ-[both chuckle]
窶ｪ-Oh. stop it. Stop it.
窶ｪSo you were lying?
窶ｪ[sighs] Ugh.
窶ｪMatipa gave birth.
窶ｪ-But then窶ｦ
窶ｪ-Hmm.
窶ｪ窶ｦthen Joyce decided to show up
窶ｪat the hospital.
窶ｪ[clicks tongue. sighs]
窶ｪThen again. she was bound to find out.
窶ｪYou know what I think. Brother?
窶ｪYou overestimate that woman's loyalty.
窶ｪI swear to you. one day you'll wake up
窶ｪand she'll be gone.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] Oh. never.
窶ｪI love Joyce.
窶ｪVery much.
窶ｪYeah. sure. Yeah. yeah. I've hurt her.
窶ｪI've humiliated her.
窶ｪBut Joyce loves me.
窶ｪ-You see. Joyce and I窶ｦ
窶ｪ-[Magesh] Mmm?
窶ｪ-窶ｦ'til death do us part.
窶ｪ-[chuckles]
窶ｪ-Yeah.
窶ｪ-[Magesh] Only by death.
窶ｪ[both laugh]
窶ｪ[Magesh] 窶ｪOh. we'll see.
窶ｪ[eerie music playing]
窶ｪ[sobbing]
窶ｪ[Jonasi. echoing] 窶ｪIt's you and me.
窶ｪFor good this time.
窶ｪ[Joyce crying. breathing heavily]
窶ｪ[Jonasi] 窶ｪI'm not going anywhere.
窶ｪI love you.
窶ｪ[doctor] 窶ｪAs we speak.
窶ｪthere's another Gomora lady
窶ｪdown the passage. giving birth.
窶ｪ[eerie music continues]
窶ｪ[music intensifies]
窶ｪ[person] 窶ｪHow did you get my number?
窶ｪ[Joyce] 窶ｪSithole.
窶ｪHe was my dad's old contact.
窶ｪDo you know how to use it?
窶ｪ-[dramatic music playing]
窶ｪ-[gun clicks]
窶ｪ[bullet thuds]
窶ｪ[gunman] Will you remember
窶ｪwhat I have shown you?
窶ｪ[tense music playing]
窶ｪ[music intensifies]
窶ｪ-Ha!
窶ｪ-Lower your voice. please.
窶ｪ-What's wrong?
窶ｪ-You'll wake the kids.
窶ｪOh.
窶ｪListen.
窶ｪWhen did your mother arrive?
窶ｪ-When did she arrive?
窶ｪ-Mmm. [sucks teeth]
窶ｪ-You're hurting me. You're hurting me.
窶ｪ-Hmm?
窶ｪOh? [inhales] Okay. I'm sorry.
窶ｪI'm sorry.
窶ｪMmm. I'm sorry.
窶ｪ-Stop what you're doing. Please.
窶ｪ-[sucks teeth]
窶ｪBut. baby. I want you.
窶ｪI want to know what Joyce said.
窶ｪLet's go and chat.
窶ｪLet's go that side. Let's go--
窶ｪ-I have to wait窶ｦ
窶ｪ-[grunts]
窶ｪ窶ｦat least six weeks
窶ｪbefore I can do anything.
窶ｪSix weeks?
窶ｪI won't be able to wait that long.
窶ｪFeel this. Feel this.
窶ｪI can't wait that long.
窶ｪ[sucks teeth] Hmm?
窶ｪFeel this. [sighs]
窶ｪI'm not gonna let my stitches tear
窶ｪbecause you can't wait.
窶ｪIn case you've forgotten. Jonasi窶ｦ
窶ｪ-[sighs]
窶ｪ-窶ｦI had a C-section.
窶ｪOkay then.
窶ｪBut there are other ways. Hmm?
窶ｪYour mouth works. right?
窶ｪLet that mouth work. Hmm?
窶ｪ[whispers] Put that mouth to work. baby.
窶ｪ[inhales] Get to work. baby.
窶ｪ-Get to work.
窶ｪ-Uh. Jonasi.
窶ｪGet to work. baby. [sucks teeth]
窶ｪBe quick. Get to it. Get to it. Get to it.
窶ｪGet to work.
窶ｪ-[inhales sharply]
窶ｪ-[belt unbuckles]
窶ｪ-[Matipa sucking]
窶ｪ-[Jonasi sucks teeth]
窶ｪ[inhales sharply]
窶ｪ[moans]
窶ｪUh-uh. Slow. slow. slow.
窶ｪ[Afrobeats playing]
窶ｪFor real. are you going to do
窶ｪwhat we spoke about earlier?
窶ｪWhat?
窶ｪExposing our parents' marriage
窶ｪto Mapaseka?
窶ｪOf course.
窶ｪIt's the only thing that will save Ma
窶ｪfrom this toxic marriage.
窶ｪWill you help me?
窶ｪI'm not crazy.
窶ｪYou're a coward.
窶ｪ-Hello. everyone.
窶ｪ-Hi.
窶ｪ-Has Mapaseka arrived. or what's going on?
窶ｪ-Uh-uh.
窶ｪ[Lindani] So why are you nervous?
窶ｪCan you see? She's nervous.
窶ｪ-Relax and calm down.
窶ｪ-[Lindani] Yes.
窶ｪListen to Sarah. Calm down and relax.
窶ｪLook at yourself. You look like Beyoncﾃｩ.
窶ｪ-[clicks tongue] Stop it. you two.
窶ｪ-[laughs]
窶ｪ[Mpume] Okay.
窶ｪlet me change into my outfit.
窶ｪI'll help you because we can't have
窶ｪthis Beyoncﾃｩ's make-up all messed up.
窶ｪ[grunts] Oh. stop it.
窶ｪMenzi. excuse me. please.
窶ｪI want to change.
窶ｪCan I have a word with you?
窶ｪUh. Lindani窶ｦ
窶ｪI wanted to窶ｦ
窶ｪI wanted to apologize
窶ｪfor what I did to you.
窶ｪIs that how you do things. Menzi?
窶ｪHmm?
窶ｪYou go around kissing every girl?
窶ｪNo. No.
窶ｪThe thing is. you窶ｦ
窶ｪyou're not just any girl to me.
窶ｪI tried sending you messages.
窶ｪI saw them.
窶ｪLindani. I like you.
窶ｪI like you too. Menzi.
窶ｪBut you're my friend's brother.
窶ｪ[stammers] That doesn't mean anything.
窶ｪI'm dating X. You know that too.
窶ｪPlease give me a chance to窶ｦ
窶ｪto show you how much
窶ｪI really care about you.
窶ｪI want to show you how much I love you.
窶ｪYou love me?
窶ｪ[laughing]
窶ｪCome on. Menzi.
窶ｪLet me go help Mpume get ready. [laughs]
窶ｪ[mouthing words] Fuck. Fuck.
窶ｪMom.
窶ｪ-Hey. You're so beautiful.
窶ｪ-[coos]
窶ｪ-Yes.
窶ｪ-[fussing]
窶ｪ-[Matipa] Oh. Okay. Hello.
窶ｪ-[Jonasi] Yes. Hello.
窶ｪMy Hayley-Hayley. Aw. She's smiling at me.
窶ｪ[tense music playing]
窶ｪ[dialing]
窶ｪ[line ringing]
窶ｪ-[phone buzzing]
窶ｪ-Huh? Come on.
窶ｪ[fusses]
窶ｪ[Jonasi] I have to take this.
窶ｪHello?
窶ｪJoyce.
窶ｪ[Joyce] 窶ｪI've had enough time
窶ｪto really think things through.
窶ｪCome home. Jo.
窶ｪSo we can figure a way out.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] 窶ｪOh. Okay.
窶ｪI'm glad you're much calmer now.
窶ｪOkay. I'll make my way home soon then.
窶ｪ[baby coos]
窶ｪ[phone beeps]
窶ｪ[Matipa] Jonasi.
窶ｪHmm?
窶ｪ-[baby fusses]
窶ｪ-Is this how it's always going to be?
窶ｪEvery time Joyce calls.
窶ｪyou're gonna drop everything?
窶ｪThe babies and I.
窶ｪand then just run to her?
窶ｪJoyce is willing to meet us halfway.
窶ｪI think we should hear
窶ｪwhat she has to say.
窶ｪOf course that's what she'll say.
窶ｪShe's only saying that
窶ｪto lure you back. and it's working.
窶ｪYou didn't hear how she sounded
窶ｪover the phone. You didn't hear her.
窶ｪ-I heard her.
窶ｪ-I don't care about Joyce.
窶ｪI need you right now. I need you.
窶ｪWhat would you like me to do?
窶ｪIgnore her?
窶ｪPlus. you're not alone.
窶ｪYour mother is here.
窶ｪYou know what? Maybe everybody's right.
窶ｪAbout what?
窶ｪThat you're always going to
窶ｪmake this about Joyce and her feelings.
窶ｪI need you to have empathy.
窶ｪespecially considering the manner
窶ｪin which Joyce found out about the twins.
窶ｪAlso. she's fragile right now.
窶ｪShe needs me.
窶ｪ-[tense music playing]
窶ｪ-[baby fusses]
窶ｪ-Are you coming back?
窶ｪ-[Jonasi] See what I mean? You know what?
窶ｪ[door opens]
窶ｪ-[exhales sharply]
窶ｪ-[door closes]
窶ｪThat look says you have something to say.
窶ｪMa. Please. not now.
窶ｪ-[Joyce] Ma?
窶ｪ-Mm-hmm?
窶ｪJust a minute.
窶ｪListen. I'm gonna need窶ｦ
窶ｪa small favor from you.
窶ｪJonasi is on his way home.
窶ｪAnd I think it's time for us to have
窶ｪa conversation in private.
窶ｪCan you please take the kids out?
窶ｪMapaseka is downstairs.
窶ｪready to do the interview.
窶ｪ-What's wrong?
窶ｪ-I'm canceling it.
窶ｪ[suspenseful music playing]
窶ｪAre you all right?
窶ｪI'll be all right once I've spoken to
窶ｪmy dear husband.
窶ｪ[exclaims]
窶ｪ[interviewers chattering]
窶ｪ[suspenseful music continues]
窶ｪ[bolt locks]
窶ｪ[exhales]
窶ｪJoyce.
窶ｪ[hammer cocks]
窶ｪ[music intensifies]
窶ｪ[Jonasi] Are you there?
窶ｪJoyce?